TOOLS-3762 Switch to Silkbomb 2.0, which uses Kondukto instead of Silk (#760)
mongodb/mongo-tools: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Third-Party Dependency Vulnerability Handling

> We use [Kondukto](http://kondukto.io/), a third-party SaaS tool that MongoDB, to scan for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [Kondukto](http://kondukto.io/), a third-party SaaS tool that MongoDB uses to scan for
```

Author: Fixed.

#### SARIF: The Static Analysis Results Interchange Format

This is a file format that static analysis tools can output. See https://sarifweb.azurewebsites.net/
for more information.

#### SBOM: Software Bill of Materials

A machine-readable file containing information about dependencies, including things like the package
name, license, etc. This includes a recursive list of all third-party dependencies.

#### [Kondukto](http://kondukto.io/)

> [Kondukto](http://kondukto.io/) is a third-party SaaS tool that MongoDB as a whole will use for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Kondukto](http://kondukto.io/) is a third-party SaaS tool that MongoDB as a whole uses for
```
